[Doc] correct ceph adoption prerequisites (#745)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/proc_completing-prerequisites-for-migrating-ceph-rgw.adoc

2: enp1s0	inet 192.168.24.45/24 brd 192.168.24.255 scope global enp1s0\   	valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
2: enp1s0	inet 192.168.24.46/32 brd 192.168.24.255 scope global enp1s0\   	valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
7: br-ex	inet 10.0.0.122/24 brd 10.0.0.255 scope global br-ex\   	valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever <1>
8: vlan70	inet 172.17.5.22/24 brd 172.17.5.255 scope global vlan70\   	valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
8: vlan70	inet 172.17.5.94/32 brd 172.17.5.255 scope global vlan70\   	valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
9: vlan50	inet 172.17.2.140/24 brd 172.17.2.255 scope global vlan50\   	valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever

> 10: vlan30	inet 172.17.3.73/24 brd 172.17.3.255 scope global vlan30\   	valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever <2>

Reviewer: +1 <2> refers to the storage network (which is vlan30). Thanks for fixing this.

7: br-ex	inet 10.0.0.106/24 brd 10.0.0.255 scope global br-ex\   	valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
...
----

> .Note: When target nodes are not managed by Director, it's not possible to use this procedure/tool to configure the network. All the required networks must be manually configured by the administrator.

Reviewer: I'm not sure `Notes` have this syntax: @klgill to check and ack/nack the proposed content.

> .Note: When target nodes are not managed by Director, it's not possible to use this procedure/tool to configure the network. All the required networks must be manually configured by the administrator.

Reviewer: @katarimanojk FYI ^

. Propagate the HAProxy front-end network to {CephCluster} nodes.

> .. Change the NIC template that you use to define the `ceph-storage` network interfaces and add the new config section in the ceph network configuration template file, for example `/home/stack/composable_roles/network/nic-configs/ceph-storage.j2`:

Author: done

  addresses:
  - ip_netmask: {{ external_ip }}/{{ external_cidr }}
  routes: {{ external_host_routes }}
  members: []
  - type: interface
    name: nic3
    primary: true
----

> .. Add the External Network to the baremetal file, for example, `/home/stack/composable_roles/network/baremetal_deployment.yaml` that is used by `metalsmith`. Also 'network_config_update' should be enabled for network propogation to target nodes during `os-net-config`:

Reviewer: I think we should ask to always pass `network_config_update` to the templates.
Do we want to call this out with a Note instead of adding this statement on L149?
Basically I'm proposing to keep the the title as it was, and put a Note saying "you must add `network_config_update: true` to make sure `os-net-config` is triggered.
@klgill might definitely have a better proposal.

> .. Add the External Network to the baremetal file, for example, `/home/stack/composable_roles/network/baremetal_deployment.yaml` that is used by `metalsmith`. Also 'network_config_update' should be enabled for network propogation to target nodes during `os-net-config`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Add the External Network to the bare metal file, for example, `/home/stack/composable_roles/network/baremetal_deployment.yaml` that is used by `metalsmith`:
+
[NOTE]
Ensure that  'network_config_update' is enabled for network propagation to the target nodes during `os-net-config`.
```
What do you mean by *during* `os-net-config`? Do we want to say something like "... is enabled for network propagation to the target nodes when `os-net-config` is triggered" ?

Author: >>What do you mean by during os-net-config? Do we want to say something like "... is enabled for network propagation >>to the target nodes when os-net-config is triggered" ?

@klgill yes you are right.

  addresses:
  - ip_netmask: {{ external_ip }}/{{ external_cidr }}
  routes: {{ external_host_routes }}
  members: []
  - type: interface
    name: nic3
    primary: true
----

.. Add the External Network to the bare metal file, for example, `/home/stack/composable_roles/network/baremetal_deployment.yaml` that is used by `metalsmith`:
+
[NOTE]

> Ensure that  'network_config_update' is enabled for network propagation to the target nodes when `os-net-config` is triggered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ensure that 'network_config_update' is enabled for network propagation to the target nodes when `os-net-config` is triggered.
```

Author: done
